# CS-230

The gaming room client was such a learning experience for me. They required the means to run a cloud based game that needed to be able to support multiple servers with instances of their own with groups of people trying to win a single game. We had to go through various aspects like security. data management, and more thorough multiple different platforms to ensure that we gave the client the best option for what they are wanted to achieve. I believe that I did the comparison between the different platforms the best. I love to research the ins and outs of things that I don't understand. This made the research my favorite aspect of this whole project. The design document was a great road map to keep my progress going in the right direction. Further, it truly did show me how important a document like this is when it comes to planning the creating of an application. It makes sure that the vision of what the application is suppose to be and how to get is clearly determined to minimize hardships in the future. If I had to choose one thing to improve on, it would have to be how I laid out the aspects of each different platform. The information that I input was crucial, but I believe I could have delivered it in a more presentable way. The client's needs were very clear from the start. In fact, the requirements were easy to turn in individual tasks of what needed to be accomblished. This is vital because it is the foundation of the development of the application itself and ensuring all needs are met. I used a Waterfall approach to this design because all the requirements were there from the start. However, for today's industry, I favor an Agile approach due to the quickly advancing demands of the world.   
